The following is the list that works with word2vec without any threshold.  Anything that has not been properly classified should be simply deleted from this file. However, if we are using the whole list only to derive a single distance as positive/negative, we can tolerate the errors.

abandoned negative
abhorrent negative
abiding positive
abject negative
abrupt negative
absent negative
absolute positive
absorbed positive
abstracted positive
abundant positive
abusive negative
abysmal negative
academic positive
accessible positive
accurate positive
acerbic negative
acoustic positive
acrid negative
acrimonious negative
acrobatic positive
actionable positive
active positive
actual positive
adhoc positive
adaptable positive
adaptive positive
additional positive
adequate positive
adhesive positive
adjustable positive
administrative positive
adult positive
advanced positive
adversarial negative
aerial positive
affordable positive
afraid negative
agonizing negative
agrarian positive
airline positive
algebraic positive
alien negative
allowable positive
allusive positive
aloof negative
alternative positive
ambiguous negative
ambulant positive
ambulatory positive
amphibian positive
ancient positive
anecdotal positive
anemic negative
angry negative
angular positive
annual positive
antagonistic negative
anticlimactic negative
antsy negative
apathetic negative
appalling negative
applicable positive
applicative positive
apprehensive negative
appropriate positive
approximate positive
aquatic positive
architectural positive
aromatic positive
arrogant negative
artificial positive
artistic positive
ashamed negative
assignable positive
assorted positive
assured positive
astonishing positive
astronomical positive
asymmetrical positive
athletic positive
atomic positive
atrocious negative
attachable positive
attainable positive
atypical positive
auspicious positive
authentic positive
authoritative positive
automatic positive
autonomous positive
available positive
avant_garde positive
avian positive
avid positive
awakening positive
awful negative
awkward negative
axiomatic positive
background positive
bacterial positive
bad negative
bald negative
balding negative
barbarous negative
barren negative
basic positive
batty negative
beefy negative
belligerent negative
bendable positive
bent negative
berserk negative
best positive
biased negative
biblical positive
bigoted negative
bilingual positive
billable positive
binary positive
binding positive
bioactive positive
biographical positive
bitter negative
black negative
blasphemous negative
blatant negative
bleak negative
blessed positive
blind negative
bloated negative
bloodthirsty negative
bloody negative
blurry negative
bohemian positive
boorish negative
boring negative
boundless positive
bountiful positive
breakable positive
breathable positive
breathtaking positive
broad positive
bronze positive
brooding negative
brown negative
brutal negative
brutish negative
budget positive
burnable positive
business positive
cagey negative
calculable positive
callous negative
cancerous negative
cantankerous negative
capable positive
careful positive
cavernous positive
celestial positive
central positive
cerebral positive
ceremonial positive
certain positive
certifiable positive
certified positive
changeable positive
charitable positive
chemical positive
chewable positive
chicken negative
chief positive
chilly negative
choice positive
choppy negative
chronological positive
cinematic positive
circular positive
civil positive
classic positive
classical positive
classifiable positive
classified positive
clean positive
climatic positive
clinical positive
closed positive
cloudy negative
coarse negative
cognitive positive
coherent positive
cohesive positive
cold negative
collaborative positive
collectable positive
collegial positive
colloquial positive
colonial positive
colorful positive
colossal positive
commemorative positive
commendable positive
commercial positive
common positive
communal positive
communicative positive
compact positive
comparable positive
competitive positive
complete positive
completed positive
complex positive
compliant positive
complicated positive
complimentary positive
compound positive
comprehensive positive
compulsory positive
computer positive
concealable positive
conceited negative
concerted positive
concise positive
concurrent positive
conformable positive
confused negative
congressional positive
connected positive
connective positive
considerable positive
consistent positive
constitutional positive
constrictive negative
constructive positive
consumable positive
contemplative positive
contemporary positive
contemptible negative
contemptuous negative
content positive
contentious negative
contextual positive
continual positive
continuous positive
contoured positive
contractual positive
contradictory negative
contrary negative
controversial negative
convenient positive
conventional positive
conversational positive
cooperative positive
copious positive
corny negative
corporate positive
correct positive
correctable positive
corrective positive
corrosive negative
corrupt negative
corruptive negative
cosmetic positive
cosmic positive
cowardly negative
coy negative
crabby negative
craggy negative
cranky negative
crass negative
craven negative
creative positive
creepy negative
criminal negative
crotchety negative
crucial positive
crude negative
cruel negative
crystalline positive
culpable negative
cultural positive
cumulative positive
curative positive
current positive
cursed negative
curt negative
cut negative
cynical negative
daily positive
danceable positive
dangerous negative
dark negative
daunting negative
dead negative
deadly negative
deaf negative
debatable negative
deceitful negative
deceptive negative
decorative positive
dedicated positive
defective negative
defendable positive
defenseless negative
defensive positive
deficient negative
definable positive
definitive positive
dehydrated negative
dejected negative
deliberative positive
delinquent negative
deliverable positive
democratic positive
demonic negative
demonstrative positive
dense positive
dependent positive
deplorable negative
depraved negative
depressed negative
depressive negative
deranged negative
derivative positive
derogative negative
derogatory negative
descriptive positive
designer positive
desirable positive
desolate negative
despicable negative
despondent negative
destroyed negative
detachable positive
detailed positive
detectable positive
detestable negative
detrimental negative
devious negative
didactic positive
different positive
difficult negative
diffuse positive
digestive positive
digital positive
dilapidated negative
dim negative
dingy negative
diplomatic positive
dire negative
direct positive
dirty negative
disabled negative
disadvantageous negative
disaffected negative
disagreeable negative
disappointed negative
discernable positive
disconnected positive
discontented negative
discourteous negative
disdainful negative
diseased negative
disgraceful negative
disgruntled negative
disgusting negative
dishonest negative
dishonorable negative
disinterested negative
disjointed negative
disloyal negative
dismal negative
disobedient negative
disparate positive
disposable positive
disreputable negative
dissimilar positive
distant negative
distasteful negative
distinct positive
distinctive positive
distinguished positive
distraught negative
distrustful negative
disturbing negative
divergent positive
diverse positive
divine positive
divisive negative
dizzying positive
doable positive
documentary positive
domed positive
domestic positive
dominant positive
doubtful negative
dowdy negative
downhearted negative
downloadable positive
drab negative
dramatic positive
dreadful negative
dreary negative
drivable positive
drowsy negative
drunk negative
dual positive
dubious negative
dull negative
durable positive
dynamic positive
easy positive
ecological positive
economic positive
economical positive
economy positive
editable positive
educational positive
effective positive
efficient positive
effortless positive
egalitarian positive
egomaniacal negative
elaborate positive
elastic positive
electric positive
electrical positive
electronic positive
elegant positive
elementary positive
elite positive
emaciated negative
embarrassing negative
emblematic positive
emergency positive
eminent positive
empirical positive
empty negative
endemic positive
enduring positive
enhanced positive
enormous positive
entire positive
entrepreneurial positive
enumerable positive
enviable positive
envious negative
environmental positive
episodic positive
equal positive
equitable positive
equivalent positive
erasable positive
erect positive
erroneous negative
eruptive positive
esoteric positive
essential positive
ethereal positive
ethical positive
ethnic positive
everlasting positive
every positive
evil negative
evocative positive
exact positive
excellent positive
exceptional positive
exclusive positive
excruciating negative
executable positive
exemplary positive
exhaustive positive
existing positive
exotic positive
expanded positive
expansive positive
expected positive
expeditious positive
expensive positive
experimental positive
expert positive
explainable positive
explicit positive
explosive positive
exponential positive
expressive positive
exquisite positive
extendable positive
extended positive
extension positive
extensive positive
exterior positive
external positive
extra positive
extraordinary positive
fabled positive
facial positive
factual positive
failed negative
faint negative
fair positive
faithless negative
false negative
famous positive
fashionable positive
fast positive
fat negative
fatal negative
faulty negative
fearful negative
feckless negative
federal positive
felonious negative
feminine positive
fertile positive
festive positive
financial positive
finite positive
fireproof positive
firm positive
first positive
fiscal positive
fit positive
fitting positive
fixed positive
flabby negative
flavored positive
flavorful positive
flawless positive
flexible positive
floppy positive
floral positive
flowering positive
fluent positive
flying positive
foggy negative
following positive
foregoing positive
foreign positive
forensic positive
formal positive
formative positive
former positive
formless positive
foul negative
fractional positive
fragrant positive
frail negative
fraternal positive
fraudulent negative
free positive
fresh positive
frightening negative
frightful negative
frigid negative
fruitful positive
fruitless negative
frumpy negative
frustrated negative
full positive
functional positive
fundamental positive
future positive
futuristic positive
gainful positive
game positive
gaseous positive
gaunt negative
general positive
generative positive
generic positive
geographic positive
geologic positive
geometric positive
geriatric positive
ghastly negative
ghostly negative
gifted positive
glass positive
glassy positive
global positive
globular positive
gloomy negative
glorious positive
glossy positive
gold positive
golden positive
graceful positive
gradual positive
grand positive
graphic positive
grave negative
gray negative
great positive
greatest positive
greedy negative
grey negative
grim negative
grinding positive
groggy negative
grouchy negative
grubby negative
grumpy negative
guilty negative
gullible negative
habitable positive
half negative
hapless negative
harmful negative
harmonic positive
harmonious positive
harsh negative
hateful negative
haughty negative
hawkish negative
healthy positive
heartless negative
heavenly positive
heavy negative
heinous negative
hideous negative
high positive
historical positive
holiday positive
holistic positive
hollow negative
homogeneous positive
hormonal positive
horrendous negative
horrible negative
horrid negative
hostile negative
hot negative
hotheaded negative
house positive
human positive
humanitarian positive
humorless negative
hurt negative
hurtful negative
hydraulic positive
hydrothermal positive
hygienic positive
hyperbolic positive
hypothetical positive
icky negative
icy negative
ideal positive
identical positive
identifiable positive
idiosyncratic positive
ignorant negative
ill negative
illegal negative
illegible negative
illegitimate negative
illiterate negative
illustrious positive
imaginative positive
imitative positive
immanent positive
immense positive
immoral negative
impassable negative
imperial positive
impertinent negative
implicit positive
impolite negative
important positive
impossible negative
imprecise negative
impressive positive
improper negative
imprudent negative
inaccessible negative
inaccurate negative
inactive negative
inadequate negative
inadmissible negative
inadvisable negative
inalienable positive
inane negative
inappropriate negative
inattentive negative
inaudible negative
incandescent positive
incapable negative
incidental positive
inclusive positive
incoherent negative
incomparable positive
incompetent negative
inconclusive negative
inconsequential negative
inconsiderate negative
incontrovertible positive
incorrect negative
incorrigible negative
increasing positive
incremental positive
incurable negative
indecent negative
indecipherable negative
indecisive negative
indefensible negative
indefinable positive
indelible positive
independent positive
indeterminable negative
indicative positive
indifferent negative
indigenous positive
indispensable positive
indistinct negative
individual positive
indivisible positive
inductive positive
industrial positive
ineffective negative
inefficient negative
inelegant negative
inequitable negative
inexact negative
inexcusable negative
inexhaustible positive
inexpedient negative
inexpensive positive
inextricable positive
inferior negative
infinite positive
infinitesimal positive
inflatable positive
influential positive
informal positive
informative positive
informed positive
inherent positive
inhibited negative
inhuman negative
injudicious negative
injured negative
injurious negative
innate positive
inner positive
innovative positive
innumerable positive
inoperable negative
inoperative negative
inopportune negative
inordinate negative
insecure negative
insidious negative
insightful positive
insincere negative
insipid negative
insolent negative
inspirational positive
instant positive
instantaneous positive
institutional positive
instructive positive
instrumental positive
insubordinate negative
insufficient negative
intangible positive
integral positive
intellectual positive
intelligible positive
intended positive
intensive positive
interactive positive
interchangeable positive
interdepartmental positive
interesting positive
interior positive
intermediate positive
internal positive
international positive
interpersonal positive
intolerable negative
intravenous positive
intricate positive
intrinsic positive
introductory positive
intuitive positive
invalid negative
invaluable positive
inventive positive
inviting positive
inward positive
irascible negative
irate negative
iridescent positive
irrational negative
irrelevant negative
irresponsible negative
irritable negative
irritated negative
jaded negative
jagged negative
jazzy positive
jealous negative
jerky negative
joint positive
joyless negative
judgmental negative
judicious positive
kaput negative
key positive
kind positive
knightly positive
knobby negative
knotty negative
knowable positive
lame negative
lamentable negative
lanky negative
lascivious negative
last negative
lasting positive
latent positive
latter negative
laudable positive
laughable negative
lavish positive
lawless negative
lax negative
lazy negative
lean negative
learnable positive
learned positive
leather positive
lecherous negative
left negative
legal positive
legendary positive
legible positive
legislative positive
lethal negative
liable negative
libelous negative
liberal positive
licensed positive
lifelike positive
lifelong positive
light positive
limited positive
limp negative
linear positive
linguistic positive
literal positive
literary positive
literate positive
lithographic positive
little negative
livable positive
livid negative
loathsome negative
logarithmic positive
logical positive
logistic positive
long negative
long_term positive
loose negative
lordly positive
lost negative
loud negative
lousy negative
loutish negative
low_calorie positive
low_risk positive
lucent positive
lucid positive
lucrative positive
luminescent positive
luminous positive
lumpy negative
lush positive
lustrous positive
luxurious positive
lyrical positive
mad negative
magenta positive
magical positive
magnetic positive
magnificent positive
main positive
majestic positive
maladjusted negative
male negative
malevolent negative
malicious negative
malignant negative
manageable positive
managerial positive
mandatory positive
maneuverable positive
manual positive
marked positive
marketable positive
marvelous positive
masked negative
massive positive
master positive
masterful positive
matchless positive
material positive
maternal positive
mathematical positive
mature positive
meager negative
meaningful positive
measurable positive
mechanical positive
medical positive
medicinal positive
meditative positive
melodic positive
menial negative
merciless negative
mere negative
metabolic positive
metallic positive
metaphoric positive
meteoric positive
meticulous positive
microscopic positive
middle negative
mild negative
miniature positive
minimal positive
miraculous positive
miscellaneous positive
miscreant negative
miserable negative
miserly negative
mission positive
mistaken negative
mistrustful negative
mixed positive
mnemonic positive
mobile positive
modern positive
modest positive
modular positive
monetary positive
monotone positive
monumental positive
morbid negative
moronic negative
morose negative
motionless negative
motivational positive
motor positive
movable positive
muddy negative
multicultural positive
multifaceted positive
multipurpose positive
multitalented positive
municipal positive
murky negative
mushy negative
musical positive
mutinous negative
mutual positive
mystic positive
mystical positive
mythical positive
nameless negative
nasty negative
national positive
native positive
natural positive
nautical positive
nearby positive
nebulous negative
necessary positive
needless negative
negative negative
neglectful negative
negligent negative
neither negative
neurological positive
neurotic negative
new positive
nightmarish negative
nine negative
ninth negative
noncompetitive positive
nondescript negative
nondestructive positive
nonexclusive positive
nonrenewable positive
nonstop positive
nonverbal positive
nonviolent positive
nosy negative
notable positive
noticeable positive
numerous positive
nutritional positive
oafish negative
obese negative
objective positive
oblique positive
obnoxious negative
obscure negative
observable positive
obstinate negative
obstructive negative
obtainable positive
obtuse negative
occupational positive
oceanic positive
odd negative
odious negative
odorous negative
old negative
ominous negative
one negative
onerous negative
open positive
operable positive
operatic positive
operational positive
opposed negative
opposite negative
optimal positive
optional positive
opulent positive
organic positive
organizational positive
original positive
ornamental positive
ornate positive
orthopedic positive
outstanding positive
outward positive
overall positive
overbearing negative
oversized positive
painful negative
painstaking positive
pale negative
pallid negative
paltry negative
panicky negative
panoramic positive
parallel positive
paranormal positive
parental positive
partial positive
particular positive
part_time positive
passive positive
past negative
pastoral positive
pathetic negative
pathological negative
patient positive
patriotic positive
payable positive
pedestrian positive
peerless positive
peeved negative
perceivable positive
perceptible positive
perceptual positive
perennial positive
period positive
periodic positive
peripheral positive
perishable positive
permanent positive
permeable positive
perpetual positive
personal positive
pert positive
pertinent positive
pervasive positive
petty negative
petulant negative
pharmaceutical positive
phenomenal positive
philanthropic positive
philosophical positive
phobic negative
phonemic positive
phonetic positive
phosphorescent positive
photographic positive
physical positive
physiological positive
picturesque positive
piercing positive
pitiful negative
pitiless negative
pivotal positive
plastic positive
platonic positive
plentiful positive
pluralistic positive
plus positive
plush positive
pneumatic positive
poetic positive
poisonous negative
polished positive
political positive
poor negative
popular positive
populous positive
porous positive
portable positive
positive positive
possible positive
posthumous positive
postoperative positive
potable positive
potent positive
potential positive
powerless negative
practical positive
pragmatic positive
precious positive
precise positive
predicative positive
predominant positive
preeminent positive
preferential positive
prehistoric positive
prejudicial negative
preliminary positive
premium positive
prenatal positive
preoperative positive
preparative positive
prepared positive
prescriptive positive
present positive
presidential positive
pressurized positive
prestigious positive
prevalent positive
preventative positive
preventive positive
priceless positive
prickly negative
primary positive
primitive positive
primordial positive
princely positive
principal positive
pristine positive
private positive
prize positive
proactive positive
probabilistic positive
procedural positive
prodigious positive
productive positive
professional positive
professorial positive
proficient positive
profitable positive
profound positive
profuse positive
programmable positive
progressive positive
prohibitive negative
prolific positive
prominent positive
pronounceable positive
proof positive
proper positive
prophetic positive
proportional positive
prospective positive
prosperous positive
prototypical positive
provisional positive
proximate positive
prudential positive
psychedelic positive
psychiatric positive
psychological positive
psychosomatic positive
public positive
punishable negative
pure positive
pushy negative
putrid negative
pyrotechnic positive
qualified positive
qualitative positive
quality positive
quantifiable positive
queasy negative
questionable negative
quick negative
rabid negative
racist negative
radiant positive
radical positive
rainy negative
rancid negative
rancorous negative
rank positive
rapid_fire positive
rare positive
rash negative
rational positive
ratty negative
raw positive
reactive positive
realistic positive
reasonable positive
recent positive
rechargeable positive
reciprocal positive
recognizable positive
rectangular positive
recurrent positive
recyclable positive
red negative
redeemable positive
referential positive
refillable positive
reflective positive
refractive positive
refundable positive
regal positive
regional positive
regrettable negative
regular positive
relevant positive
reliable positive
religious positive
reluctant negative
remarkable positive
remedial positive
remote positive
removable positive
renewable positive
repairable positive
repeatable positive
replaceable positive
representative positive
reproductive positive
republican positive
repugnant negative
repulsive negative
reputable positive
reputed positive
resealable positive
resentful negative
resident positive
residential positive
residual positive
resolvable positive
resonant positive
respective positive
responsive positive
restful positive
retired positive
retrospective positive
reusable positive
reversible positive
revised positive
revolutionary positive
rhetorical positive
rhythmic positive
rigorous positive
robotic positive
robust positive
roomy positive
rotten negative
rough negative
roundtable positive
routine positive
royal positive
rude negative
rudimentary positive
rugged positive
rumpled positive
rural positive
rustic positive
rusty negative
saccharin positive
sacred positive
sacrilegious negative
salient positive
salty negative
sandy negative
sanitary positive
satin positive
satisfactory positive
savory positive
scaly negative
scary negative
scenic positive
scented positive
scheduled positive
schematic positive
scholarly positive
scholastic positive
scientific positive
scraggly negative
scrawny negative
scriptural positive
sculptural positive
sea negative
seamless positive
seasick negative
seasonal positive
second negative
secondary positive
second_hand positive
secular positive
secure positive
seedy negative
seismic positive
select positive
selected positive
selective positive
semiprecious positive
semiprofessional positive
senior positive
sensuous positive
separate positive
sequential positive
serendipitous positive
serial positive
serious negative
serviceable positive
seven negative
seventh negative
severe negative
shabby negative
shady negative
shallow negative
shameful negative
sharp negative
sheepish negative
shifty negative
shoddy negative
short negative
short_term positive
shrill negative
sick negative
sickly negative
significant positive
silver positive
similar positive
simple positive
simultaneous positive
singular positive
sinister negative
sinuous positive
sixth negative
sizable positive
skeptical negative
skilled positive
skinny negative
slanderous negative
sleek positive
slender positive
slight negative
slimy negative
sloppy negative
slothful negative
slow negative
small_town positive
smooth positive
snide negative
snotty negative
social positive
socialist positive
sociological positive
soft positive
soggy negative
solar positive
solid positive
somatic positive
sonic positive
sophisticated positive
sordid negative
sore negative
soulful positive
soulless negative
sour negative
spacious positive
sparing positive
sparse positive
spatial positive
special positive
specialist positive
specific positive
spectacular positive
spectral positive
speculative positive
spherical positive
spinal positive
spiritual positive
splendid positive
spontaneous positive
spotless positive
sprite positive
squalid negative
stable positive
stackable positive
stagnant negative
stale negative
standard positive
standing positive
stark negative
stately positive
static positive
statistical positive
status positive
steady positive
stealth positive
steel positive
stereophonic positive
stern negative
stiff negative
stigmatic positive
stinky negative
stock positive
stodgy negative
stony negative
straight negative
straightforward positive
strategic positive
stretchy positive
striking positive
stringent positive
structural positive
stubborn negative
stubby negative
studied positive
stunning positive
sturdy positive
stylish positive
stylistic positive
subconscious positive
subject positive
subjective positive
sublime positive
subordinate negative
substantial positive
subtle positive
successful positive
succinct positive
succulent positive
sufficient positive
suitable positive
sulky negative
sullen negative
sumptuous positive
super positive
superabundant positive
superb positive
superlative positive
supersonic positive
supple positive
supreme positive
surgical positive
surly negative
surrealistic positive
survivable positive
suspected negative
suspicious negative
sustainable positive
swimming positive
syllabic positive
syllogistic positive
symbiotic positive
symbolic positive
symmetrical positive
synergistic positive
syntactic positive
synthetic positive
systematic positive
taboo negative
tactical positive
talented positive
tan negative
tangential positive
tangible positive
tardy negative
tasteful positive
teachable positive
technical positive
technological positive
tectonic positive
tedious negative
teeny negative
telegraphic positive
telephonic positive
telescopic positive
temperate positive
temporary positive
ten negative
tender positive
tentative positive
tenuous negative
terminal positive
terrible negative
territorial positive
testy negative
textual positive
textural positive
theatrical positive
thematic positive
theological positive
theoretical positive
therapeutic positive
thermal positive
third negative
thorny negative
thorough positive
threatened negative
tight negative
timeless positive
timely positive
tireless positive
toneless negative
topical positive
topographical positive
torpid negative
tough negative
toxic negative
traditional positive
trainable positive
training positive
traitorous negative
tranquil positive
transcendent positive
transcendental positive
transformative positive
transient positive
transitional positive
transitory positive
translucent positive
transparent positive
treacherous negative
treasonous negative
tremendous positive
tribal positive
tricky negative
trim positive
tropical positive
truculent negative
typical positive
tyrannical negative
ubiquitous positive
ugly negative
ultimate positive
ultrasonic positive
ultraviolet positive
unable negative
unacceptable negative
unaccompanied positive
unaccountable negative
unadorned positive
unaffordable negative
unalienable positive
unaltered positive
unambiguous positive
unappealing negative
unappetizing negative
unappreciative negative
unassisted positive
unattractive negative
unavailing negative
unbalanced negative
unbearable negative
unbecoming negative
unbiased positive
unbounded positive
unchangeable positive
unchanging positive
uncharitable negative
uncivil negative
uncivilized negative
unclassified negative
unclean negative
uncommitted negative
uncommunicative negative
uncomprehending negative
unconfirmed negative
unconscionable negative
unconstitutional negative
unconstrained positive
unconvinced negative
unconvincing negative
uncooperative negative
uncoordinated negative
uncouth negative
uncritical negative
undeclared negative
undefeated positive
undemocratic negative
undependable negative
underdeveloped negative
underhanded negative
underprivileged positive
understanding positive
undesirable negative
undifferentiated positive
undignified negative
undiminished positive
undiplomatic negative
undisciplined negative
undivided positive
uneasy negative
unendurable negative
unenforceable negative
unenviable negative
unequal negative
unequaled positive
unerring positive
uneven negative
unfailing positive
unfair negative
unfaithful negative
unfaltering positive
unfavorable negative
unflagging positive
unforgivable negative
unforgiving negative
unfriendly negative
ungentlemanly negative
ungrateful negative
unhealthy negative
unheeded negative
uniform positive
unilateral negative
unimpeded positive
unimpressive negative
uninspired negative
unintelligent negative
unintelligible negative
uninterested negative
uninterrupted positive
unique positive
united positive
universal positive
unjust negative
unjustifiable negative
unkempt negative
unkind negative
unknown negative
unlawful negative
unlikable negative
unlucky negative
unmanageable negative
unmanly negative
unmentionable negative
unmerciful negative
unmistakable positive
unmodified positive
unmotivated negative
unobtrusive positive
unostentatious positive
unpleasant negative
unprecedented positive
unprincipled negative
unproductive negative
unprofessional negative
unprofitable negative
unreasonable negative
unreceptive negative
unresponsive negative
unripe negative
unrivaled positive
unruly negative
unsafe negative
unsalvageable negative
unsatisfactory negative
unscrupulous negative
unseemly negative
unsightly negative
unskilled negative
unsolvable negative
unsound negative
unspoiled positive
unstated negative
unstructured positive
unsuitable negative
unsuited negative
unsupervised positive
unsurpassed positive
unsympathetic negative
untapped positive
untenable negative
untimely negative
untrustworthy negative
untruthful negative
unusual positive
unverified negative
unwavering positive
unwholesome negative
unwise negative
unworkable negative
unworthy negative
upright positive
uptight negative
usable positive
used positive
useful positive
utilitarian positive
utopian positive
vague negative
valuable positive
vapid negative
variable positive
varied positive
various positive
vast positive
vegetable positive
vegetative positive
venal negative
venerable positive
venomous negative
verbal positive
verdant positive
verifiable positive
vernacular positive
versatile positive
versed positive
vexed negative
viable positive
vibrant positive
vicarious positive
vicious negative
vigorous positive
vile negative
villainous negative
violent negative
viral positive
virtual positive
visceral positive
viscous positive
visible positive
visionary positive
visual positive
vital positive
vitriolic negative
vivid positive
vocational positive
volcanic positive
voluminous positive
voluntary positive
waterproof positive
watertight positive
watery negative
wax positive
weak negative
wee negative
weekly positive
weightless positive
well positive
white negative
wholesale positive
wholesome positive
wicked negative
witless negative
woeful negative
wondrous positive
wooden positive
wool positive
woolen positive
wordless positive
work positive
working positive
worrisome negative
worshipful positive
worth positive
worthless negative
wrathful negative
wretched negative
wrong negative
wrongful negative
yearly positive
yielding positive
zoological positive
